.mso www.tmac
.TH CGREEN-RUNNER 1


.SH NAME
cgreen-runner \- an auto-discovering runner for the Cgreen unittest and mocking framework


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cgreen\-runner
[\fB\-\-colour\fR]
[\fB\-\-xml\fR \fIprefix\fR]
[\fB\-\-suite\fR \fIname\fR]
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-\-no\-run\fR]
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
( \fILIBRARY\fR [\fItest\fR] )+


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Cgreen
is a framework for creating and running compact and easy-to-read
unittests for C and/or C++. After compiling your tests and linking
them together with the code/class/subject under test (CUT/SUT) into a
shared dynamically loadable \fILIBRARY\fR you can auto-discover and
run all tests using the
.B cgreen-runner
without having to manually add each and every test that you write to a
suite programatically.
.PP
This makes the TDD cycle even faster and less error-prone, one less thing to remember.


.SS "Usage:"
Discover and run all, or a single named, cgreen test(s) from one or multiple
dynamically loadable library.
.PP
A single test can be run using the form [<context>:]<name> where <context> can
be omitted if there is no context.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-colours/colors
Use colours to emphasis result (requires ANSI\-capable terminal)

.TP
.BR \-x ", " \-\-xml " " \fIprefix\fR
Instead of messages on stdout, write results into one XML\-file per
suite, compatible with Hudson/Jenkins CI. The filename(s) will
be '\fIprefix\fR\-<suite>.xml'

.TP
.BI "\-s, \-\-suite " name
Give the top level suite
.I name
instead of the name in the \fILIBRARY\fR.

.TP
.B "\-n, \-\-no\-run"
Don't run the tests.

.TP
.B "\-v, \-\-verbose"
Show progress information during run.

.TP
.B "\-V, \-\-version"
Show version information and exit.

.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"
Print some usage information and exit.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
cgreen(5)

.PP
The full documentation for
.B cgreen-runner
and
.B the Cgreen framework
is in the
.B Cgreen
manual available at
.URL https://github.com/cgreen-devs/cgreen GitHub .

